Update meta descriptions for 25 most popular Learn pages (#1370)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-sql.md

---
title: "Using Airflow to Execute SQL"
id: airflow-sql
sidebar_label: "Run SQL"
---

<head>

>   <meta name="description" content="Learn the best practices for executing SQL from your DAG. Get to know Airflow’s SQL-related operators and see how to use Airflow for common SQL use cases." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="description" content="Learn the best practices for executing SQL from your DAG. Get to know the Airflow SQL-related operators and learn how to use Airflow for common SQL use cases." />
```

>   <meta name="og:description" content="Learn the best practices for executing SQL from your DAG. Get to know Airflow’s SQL-related operators and see how to use Airflow for common SQL use cases." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn the best practices for executing SQL from your DAG. Learn about Airflow SQL-related operators and how to use Airflow for common SQL use cases." />
```
